ere are the changes from this session that could affect the Android app:
                                                                           
  1. Server may not be running (most likely)
                                                                                                                                                  
  The router split and shared.py creation changed the import structure. If any module failed to import on startup, the server silently stays on   
  the old code or doesn't start at all. Check the logs:                                                                                           
  sudo journalctl -u helix -n 50                                                                                                                  
  Look for any ImportError or ModuleNotFoundError.                
                                                                                                                                                  
  2. shared.py — new singleton module                                                                                                             
                                                                                                                                                  
  state = AppState() moved from main.py to shared.py. If shared.py fails to import (e.g. makcu library issue), the entire server fails to start.  
                                                                  
  3. /api/state response has a new field                                                                                                          
                                                                  
  settings.cs2_weapon is now included. If the Android app uses strict JSON deserialization that rejects unknown fields rather than ignoring them, 
  this would cause errors on every state fetch.                   
                                                                                                                                                  
  4. WebSocket broadcast has a new field                          

  "cs2_weapon" is now included in every broadcast message. Same risk as above — should be ignored by a lenient parser but could break a strict    
  one.
                                                                                                                                                  
  5. Nothing was removed                                          

  All existing endpoints, their paths, and their response shapes are unchanged. No renamed routes.                                                
  
  ---                                                                                                                                             
  Quick diagnosis — run this directly (bypasses systemd, shows errors immediately):
                                                                                                                                                  
  cd /home/jason/Downloads/final/Helix
  python3 main.py                                                                                                                                 
                                                                  
  If it starts cleanly you'll see the Uvicorn running line. If there's an import error it'll print the traceback immediately.           
